[ACM-2.9] ACM#10464: Extracting OpenShift release image digest (#6394)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/disconnected_intro.adoc

image:../images/489_RHACM_HyperShift_on_bare_metal_1223.png[Disconnected architecture diagram]

. Configure infrastructure services, including the registry certificate deployment with TLS support, web server, and DNS, to ensure that the disconnected deployment works.
. Create a config map in the `openshift-config` namespace. In this example, the config map is named `registry-config`. The content of the config map is the Registry CA certificate. The data field of the config map must contain the following key and value:

* Key: `<registry_dns_domain_name>..<port>`, for example, `registry.hypershiftdomain.lab..5000:`. Ensure that you place `..` after the registry DNS domain name when you specify a port.
* Value: The certificate content

+
For more information about creating a config map, see _Configuring TLS certificates for an IPv4 network_.

> . Add the `additionalTrustedCA` field with a value of `name: registry-config` in the `images.config.openshift.io` custom resource (CR).

Reviewer: Earlier i recall that the team agreed to not use the abbreviation for custom resource. I also remember the conversation coming up again in a meeting. Let's bring it up to the team to confirm. 
```suggestion
. Add the `additionalTrustedCA` field with a value of `name: registry-config` in the `images.config.openshift.io` custom resource.
```

----

. In the {mce-short} namespace, you create the `multiclusterengine` CR, which enables both the Agent and `hypershift-addon` add-ons. The {mce-short} namespace must contain the config maps to modify behavior in a disconnected deployment. The namespace also contains the `multicluster-engine`, `assisted-service`, and `hypershift-addon-manager` pods.
. Create the objects that are necessary to deploy the hosted cluster, which include the following components:

** Secrets: Secrets contain the pull secret, SSH key, and etcd encryption key.
** Config map: The config map contains the CA certificate of the private registry.

> ** `HostedCluster`: The `HostedCluster` resource defines the configuration for your hosted cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `HostedCluster` resource: The `HostedCluster` resource defines the configuration for your hosted cluster.
```

> ** `NodePool`: The `NodePool` resource identifies the node pool that references the machines to use for the data plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `NodePool` resource: The `NodePool` resource identifies the node pool that references the machines to use for the data plane.
```

. After you create the hosted cluster objects, the HyperShift Operator establishes the `HostedControlPlane` namespace to accommodate control plane pods. The namespace also hosts components such as Agents, bare metal hosts (BMHs), and the `InfraEnv` resource. Later, you create the `InfraEnv` resource, and after ISO creation, you create the BMHs and their secrets that contain baseboard management controller (BMC) credentials.

. The Metal3 Operator in the `openshift-machine-api` namespace inspects the new BMHs. Then, the Metal3 Operator tries to connect to the BMCs to start them by using the configured `LiveISO` and `RootFS` values that are specified through the `AgentServiceConfig` CR in the {mce-short} namespace.

. After you create the hosted cluster objects, the HyperShift Operator creates control plane pods in the `HostedControlPlane` namespace. The `HostedControlPlane` namespace also hosts components such as Agents, bare metal hosts, and the `InfraEnv` resource.

. Create the `InfraEnv` resource. After generating an ISO image, create the bare metal hosts and their secrets that contain baseboard management controller (BMC) credentials.

> . The Metal3 Operator in the `openshift-machine-api` namespace inspects the new bare metal hosts.

Reviewer: This seems like it should not be a step from my perspective. What is the task that should be complete by the user

Author: Agree. Removed as a step

> . The Metal3 Operator tries to connect and start the BMCs by using the `LiveISO` and `RootFS` values. You can specify the `LiveISO` and `RootFS` values through the `AgentServiceConfig` CR in the {mce-short} namespace.

Reviewer: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-anthropomorphism
```suggestion
. Specify the `LiveISO` and `RootFS` values through the `AgentServiceConfig` CR in the {mce-short} namespace  to connect and start the BMCs with the Metal3 Operator.
```

> . After the worker nodes of the `HostedCluster` resource are ready, an Agent container starts running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. After the worker nodes of the `HostedCluster` resource are ready, the Agent container automatically start.
```
